[Bulk] Broken Link fixes (#878)
MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs: biztalk/adapters-and-accelerators/accelerator-rosettanet/incorporating-a-new-partner-interface-process.md

manager: "anneta"
---
# Incorporating a New Partner Interface Process
You can incorporate a new RosettaNet Partner Interface Process (PIP) schema in Microsoft® [!INCLUDE[BTARN_CurrentVersion_FirstRef](../../includes/btarn-currentversion-firstref-md.md)] assemblies by following these steps:

> 1. Download the PIP schema from the website, [GS1 RosettaNet](https://www.gs1us.org/resources/rosettanet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the PIP schema from the [GS1 US RosettaNet Standards website](https://www.gs1us.org/resources/rosettanet).
```

# Incorporating a New Partner Interface Process

> You can incorporate a new RosettaNet Partner Interface Process (PIP) schema in Microsoft® [!INCLUDE[BTARN_CurrentVersion_FirstRef](../../includes/btarn-currentversion-firstref-md.md)] assemblies. You do so by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can incorporate a new RosettaNet Partner Interface Process (PIP) schema in Microsoft® [!INCLUDE[BTARN_CurrentVersion_FirstRef](../../includes/btarn-currentversion-firstref-md.md)] assemblies by using one of the following options:
```

> - Downloading the PIP schema from the RosettaNet Web site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Download the PIP schema from the website, [GS1 RosettaNet](https://www.gs1us.org/resources/rosettanet).
```

> - Deploying the schema to [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)] as part of the [!INCLUDE[btaBTARN3.3abbrevnonumber](../../includes/btabtarn3-3abbrevnonumber-md.md)] RNPIPs assembly or as part of a separate [!INCLUDE[btaBTARN3.3abbrevnonumber](../../includes/btabtarn3-3abbrevnonumber-md.md)] assembly. For more information, see [Extending BTARN with a New PIP](../../adapters-and-accelerators/accelerator-rosettanet/extending-btarn-with-a-new-pip.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deploy the schema to [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)] as part of the [!INCLUDE[btaBTARN3.3abbrevnonumber](../../includes/btabtarn3-3abbrevnonumber-md.md)] RNPIPs assembly or as part of a separate [!INCLUDE[btaBTARN3.3abbrevnonumber](../../includes/btabtarn3-3abbrevnonumber-md.md)] assembly. For more information, see [Extending BTARN with a New PIP](../../adapters-and-accelerators/accelerator-rosettanet/extending-btarn-with-a-new-pip.md).
```

> - Deploying the schema to [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)] as part of the [!INCLUDE[btaBTARN3.3abbrevnonumber](../../includes/btabtarn3-3abbrevnonumber-md.md)] RNPIPs assembly or as part of a separate [!INCLUDE[btaBTARN3.3abbrevnonumber](../../includes/btabtarn3-3abbrevnonumber-md.md)] assembly. For more information, see [Extending BTARN with a New PIP](../../adapters-and-accelerators/accelerator-rosettanet/extending-btarn-with-a-new-pip.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Deploy the schema to [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)] as part of the [!INCLUDE[btaBTARN3.3abbrevnonumber](../../includes/btabtarn3-3abbrevnonumber-md.md)] RNPIPs assembly or as part of a separate [!INCLUDE[btaBTARN3.3abbrevnonumber](../../includes/btabtarn3-3abbrevnonumber-md.md)] assembly. For more information, see [Extending BTARN with a New PIP](../../adapters-and-accelerators/accelerator-rosettanet/extending-btarn-with-a-new-pip.md).
```

### To obtain the PIP schema

> -   In Internet Explorer, go to the RosettaNet Web site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   In your web browser, go to the [GS1 RosettaNet website](https://www.gs1us.org/resources/rosettanet).
```
